## Meeting 9

# WHEN? 
10/16/2025, 9:45am

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
Today we fixed our M2. 
Camilla: Created virtual environment and completed the traceability part of the M2
Zander: Completed the DFD and component diagram and started woring on the user classes
Somto: Did the class diagram and helped resolve errors
Gamu: Completed the Facade design pattern for M2, and is working on importing the database to project


# ACTION ITEMS
Complete setup tasks for this week and continue working on code. 
Update review schema to match the csv file for reviews
