 ## Meeting 17

# WHEN? 
11/18/2025 5pm-8pm

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
refactoring 

# ACTION ITEMS
- continue working on project so we can finish M3 
- zander: fix what the user implementation broke
-gamu: refactor movieService
-camilla: work on report notifications in adminRoute.py
-somto: continue working on getting tests to pass
