 ## Meeting 15

# WHEN? 
11/06/2025 09:30 - 11:45

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
Making more test files

# ACTION ITEMS
fix auth.py tests
more refactoring 
more testing
figure out fast api bugs
start working on report notifications 
look at M3
think of data structures: should we be loading and saving all reviews for every request?
Keep working hard and staying positive <3
