 ## Meeting 18

# WHEN? 
11/25/2025 5pm-8pm

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
refactoring 
starrting frontend
adding our own new features
front end set up

# ACTION ITEMS
get our individual features done/almost done
STAY POSITIVE
flag review method 
message TA about extra functionality 
