
 ## Meeting 20

# WHEN? 
12/02/2025 17:00 - 21:30 (4.5 HRS!!!!!!)

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
Bulk of the user interface
Lots of refactoring
Starting the M4 docs

# ACTION ITEMS
STAY POSITIVE
finish our new features front end and backend
add to traceability matrix

