 ## Meeting 16

# WHEN? 
11/12/2025 10:00 - 11:00

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
M3: How much do we actually include in the pdf

# ACTION ITEMS
Need the project to be containerised
Refactoring code to make sure that it matches our M1 and M2
Make sure fast api is implemented
Show proof of pull requests with tests in them
Make sure that each test file has unit and intergration tests at minimum
Add proof to test proof folder on github
Do we have the different types of tests?
