## Meeting 6

# WHEN? 
10/07/2025, 6pm

# WHO ATTENDED?
Somto
Zander
Camilla
Gamu 

# TOPIC OF DISCUSSION
We worked on M2 and got a lot done. We wrote all the architecture and design for our project. 

# ACTION ITEMS
- Go to office hour and try to figure out what the traceability requirements for M2.
